README.md, before:

# React Send Email

This Project is a good example how you can send email using react as frontend element and nodemailer as backend.

You can check this tutorial or another that you are interesting from Shakhor Smith on his [Youtube's Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC33Y0c5LX9Z2TvtxpztaFUA)

To be specify which tutorial I'm following

# [Send Emails with React.JS | Part #1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZOXPta21PI)

# [Send Emails with React | Part #2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPnBO8HgyRU)

To make the project works first you need to install dependencies not only for react project (frontend part - client folder) also need to install the backend part.

On Backend part I used npm for dependencies installation. To install them you can use these command
```
npm install
```
or
```
npm i
```

On Frontend part I used yarn fro dependencies installation. To install them you can use this command
```
yarn install
```

If you want to run the entire project (Frontend and Backend). Use this command on the root folder (reactSendEmail)
```
npm run dev
```

Also if you want only run the frontend part to work on customization. Go to client folder and run this command
```
yarn start
```

If you are a beginner developer I will recommend the steps from the tutorial. If you have more expirence, check the code first and that way you know where to start practice.

**Keep going!**

Commit message:

Readme updated with test email info added

README.md, after:

# React Send Email

This Project is a good example how you can send email using react as frontend element and nodemailer as backend.

You can check this tutorial or another that you are interesting from Shakhor Smith on his [Youtube's Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC33Y0c5LX9Z2TvtxpztaFUA)

To be specify which tutorial I'm following

# [Send Emails with React.JS | Part #1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZOXPta21PI)

# [Send Emails with React | Part #2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPnBO8HgyRU)

To make the project works first you need to install dependencies not only for react project (frontend part - client folder) also need to install the backend part.

On Backend part I used npm for dependencies installation. To install them you can use these command
```
npm install
```
or
```
npm i
```

On Frontend part I used yarn fro dependencies installation. To install them you can use this command
```
yarn install
```

If you want to run the entire project (Frontend and Backend). Use this command on the root folder (reactSendEmail)
```
npm run dev
```

Also if you want only run the frontend part to work on customization. Go to client folder and run this command
```
yarn start
```

If you want to check if the project is sending email you can create a test email here in [Ethereal](https://ethereal.email/). You can add the email info in the index.js (backend - root folder). And that way you can check if the project is working correctly. **Remember: the email I'm using is a testemail that ethereal generate for me, that's why I'm sharing with you how create a test email and that way check if you are receiving any email**

If you are a beginner developer I will recommend the steps from the tutorial. If you have more expirence, check the code first and that way you know where to start practice.

**Keep going!**
